Hello English learners. Welcome back to English Pod. My name is Marco.
And I'm Erica.
And we're going to be looking at our fifth episode of our famous love story.
Yes. I'm sorry. I love you.
Okay. Part five.
So if you haven't listened to the first four, I suggest you go do that first because you're going to be a little bit lost.
But it's getting really good.
Yeah. And so, so good that I don't think we can even say what's going to happen next.
We can't say the key language.
Oh.
Yeah. We can't preview anything because it's we want to surprise you.
Yes.
But we can tell you this. What's going on?
The last time we saw Veronica and Steven. They broke up, right?
Right.
And Veronica was with her friend and feeling really terrible.
And then Steven suddenly came to sing a beautiful song.
So this is continuing on that.
Right. Okay.
So let's listen to the dialogue.
And then we'll come back and talk about some of the difficult vocabulary we might find.
Sure.
Thank you.
Honey, of course I forgive you.
I love you so much. I really missed you.
I was wrong to get upset over nothing.
I'm sorry I haven't called anything.
But right after you decided you wanted to break, I was up north to put out some major forest fires.
nowhere working day and night trying to prevent the blaze from spreading is pretty intense.
Oh honey, I'm glad you're okay but I have some exciting news.
I think I'm pregnant. Really? Wow that's amazing this is great news. I've always
wanted to be a father. We'll go to the doctor first thing in the morning.
We have your test results back and indeed you are pregnant. Let's see here.
Everything seems to be in order. Your approximate due date is October 27th 2009 so that means
the baby was conceived on February 3rd 2009. Are you sure? Are these things accurate?
Well yes sir, they are. What's wrong? Why are you asking these questions?
This baby isn't mine. I was away the first week of February at a training seminar. I, I,
no, it can't be.
All right so more drama in our love story. Oh my God. Things were going well and now more
bad news. Yeah or good news? We're not sure yet. Yeah. Okay let's take a look at the vocabulary
first in language takeaway. Language takeaway. Well we're going to look at four words now. The first
one blaze blaze blaze blaze. So this noun is another word for a fire right? Or a big fire.
Yeah a really big fire. The blaze. So basically it's like the flame of the fire. Yes this one is a
little bit difficult so I think we can use some examples to show us how to use this word.
Example one. The blaze is spreading quickly. We need to evacuate these people.
Example two. We have to go in there and save those people from the blaze.
Okay so it's clear now blaze. Let's look at our next word conceived.
Conceived. The past of conceived. Right conceived.
Conceived is a nice fancy word. Yes and what does it mean Marco? To create. Oh
like how you sidesteped around. So it means to create. You can conceive a baby. Yes. You can
conceive an idea. Yes. So it basically means to create. Yes. Most commonly with the baby. Yeah.
Yeah conceived. So after the baby was conceived. Yep. We have a due date. Yes. We all know that
it's nine months later. Yes. Approximately. Yeah due dates. So the due date is the date of birth
it's the doctor's guess when the birth would be. Would be. Okay. When you go to the doctor and say
when will my baby be born he'll still say, well your due date is blah blah blah. Nine months later. Yeah.
Okay and our last word in language takeaway accurate. Accurate. Accurate. Accurate.
Now the due dates aren't accurate. Right. That means they're not 100% sure or precise. Yes.
So when something is accurate it's absolutely certain. Absolutely precise. Yes. 100%
okay so accurate. Let's listen to some more examples of how we can use accurate.
Example one. A blood test is the most accurate way of finding out if you are pregnant.
Example two. These reports are not accurate. John we checked and discovered a lot of mistakes.
Example three. This new software helps us calculate costs in a very accurate way.
With those examples I think we're ready to listen to this dialogue again. This time we're
going to slow it down. Yeah in case you were so shocked by what happened that you couldn't follow.
Honey, of course I forgive you. I love you so much. I've really missed you.
Please forgive me. I was wrong to get upset over nothing. I'm sorry I haven't called or anything.
But right after you decided you wanted to break, I was called up north to put out some major
forest fires. I was in the middle of nowhere working day and night trying to prevent the
blaze from spreading. It was pretty intense. Oh honey, I'm glad you're okay.
But I have some exciting news. I think I'm pregnant. Really? Wow that's amazing. This is great news.
I've always wanted to be a father. We'll go to the doctor first thing in the morning.
We have your test results back and indeed you are pregnant. Let's see here.
Everything seems to be in order. Your approximate new date is October 27th, 2009.
So that means the baby was conceived on February 3rd, 2009. Are you sure?
Are these things accurate? Well, yes sir, they are. What's wrong? Why are you asking these
questions? This baby isn't mind. I was away the first week of February at a training seminar.
I, I know. It can't be.
Alright so continuing on with our drama. Let's take a look at some interesting phrases
in fluency builder. Fluency builder. Well we've got three phrases for you. The first one is
the middle of nowhere. Middle of nowhere. Middle of nowhere. This is a kind of a funny one.
But I think if we listen to some examples, it will help us to understand the meaning of this phrase.
Example one. We are in the middle of nowhere. How can we find our way back home?
Example two.
I was in the middle of nowhere, so I couldn't even use my mobile phone.
Example three. It takes me two hours to drive to your house.
It's in the middle of nowhere.
Alright so middle of nowhere, it means that you are lost. Yeah you're in a place with no cities
or people or anything nearby. Okay so just imagine yourself in a desert that would be the middle of
nowhere. Yes or in Canada. In Canada. That would be the middle of nowhere. Alright let's take a look at
our next phrase. First thing in the morning. First thing in the morning. First thing in the morning.
So when we talk about the first thing, it means really, really early in the morning. So I can change
it a little bit and say first thing in the afternoon. Early in the afternoon. Or first thing tomorrow morning.
Right. So really early tomorrow. Okay so it's a very common way of referring to very early.
Yeah it's not like first thing in the morning is like six o'clock in the morning. Right. But if you
say okay I'll take care of that first thing in the morning. You'll do it right away in the morning.
Right away. Right when you get to the office. Right. Yeah. Okay. Let's look at our last phrase.
Seems to be in order. Seems to be in order. Everything seems to be in order. So everything is
okay. Everything's normal. Everything seems to be normal. Yeah. Everything looks okay. Yes. So this is a
very common phrase when people check your documents or your reports. They'll say okay. All the
papers seem to be in order. Very common. Yes. Good news when you're pregnant that everything seems to
be in order. Exactly. Yeah. Everything is normal. All right. So let's listen to this dramatic dialogue
one more time and we'll come back and talk to you.
Honey, of course I forgive you. I love you so much. I've really missed you. I was wrong to get
upset over nothing. I'm sorry I haven't called anything but right after you decided you
wanted to break. I was up north to put out some major forest fires. I was in the middle of nowhere
working day and night and trying to prevent the blaze from spreading is pretty intense. Oh honey,
I'm glad you're okay but I have some exciting news. I think I'm pregnant. Really? Wow that's
amazing. This is great news. I've always wanted to be a father. We'll go to the doctor first thing in the
morning. We have your test results back and indeed you are pregnant. Let's see here.
Everything seems to be in order. Your approximate new date is October 27th, 2009. So that means
the baby was conceived on February 3rd, 2009. Are you sure? Are these things accurate?
Well yes sir, they are. What's wrong? Why are you asking these questions?
This baby isn't mine. I was away the first week of February at training seven hours. I
I know. It can't be.
Marco, what do you think about this situation? What would you do if you were this guy?
It's complicated. I know. I don't know what I would do. It seems like something a very
typical of soap operas. Well I don't know because she didn't really deny it in the end. She didn't say
no right away. Yeah and but she didn't say like oh. Yeah she didn't really accept it so it's still a
little bit difficult to see if maybe she cheated on him. Yeah something. Hey guys, what do you think?
Do you think Veronica cheated on Stephen? Do you think it's his baby? Maybe it's not. Maybe the
doctor is wrong. Maybe it's the doctor's baby. Maybe it's anything good happen here at English
but so send us your ideas and tell us what do you think happens next? Come to EnglishPod.com
where you can leave your questions your comments. Yeah and Marco and I are always around to
answer your questions, respond to your comments. Exactly and we want to know what you think will happen next.
All right guys so until next time. Bye!